Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
from hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number four 74. In this
episode, Scott talks with dr.
Sue black about saving the
historic Bletchley park. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes,
and today we have the
pleasure of talking with dr.
Sue black. Thank you so
much for taking the time.
Hi, thanks very much for
talking to me. I learned
about you, not because of
all of your other great
work that you have done,
but specifically about Bletchley park,
because I went and saw
the movie, the imitation game
and was really struck by
the story and then tweeted
about it. And then through
a number of kind of
great tweets found out that
the movie that I saw
is in no way a
documentary. True. True. Yeah. I
mean, isn't that amazing? The
great power of Twitter I'd
have to say straight off
that I absolutely love Twitter
and Twitter was absolutely fundamental
in the stuff that we
did in trying to save
Bletchley park. So yeah. Which
cool. Yeah. I was one
of those things where we
would, you and I would
tweet each other and then
people that we've each knew
would say, you guys did,
did you know each other?
Oh, you know, it seems
like a little cocktail party
where people get to meet
and people get to listen
in on other people's conversations.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I think,
yeah, I think of Twitch
was like a big party
and yeah. And, but you
can listen it on everybody's
conversations. Right. So that's so
cool. And it was really
cool because I didn't know
you and you didn't know
me, but loads of people
knew both of us. So
yeah. I thought that was
great. Yeah, it's fantastic. So
this movie, the imitation game
is a drama to station
a and it has Benedict
Cumberbatch and it talks about
Alan Turing and the work
that was done, not just
by him, but by many,
many people to solve the
enigma. Can you talk about
why this, you know, what
this movie expresses and why
it's problematic? Well, I guess,
I mean, my review basically
stated that I both loved
it and I hated it
at the same time, the
film, and I guess I'll,
I'll start with the reasons
I hated it. And that
was just because it told
the story in a very
kind of simplistic way. It
got lots of facts wrong.
It kind of, it was
a, it was a bit
clunky in parts where, for
example, like the guy who
was cheering, his boss in
the film was portrayed as
this kind of like kind
of evil guy, you know,
it's like, yeah, you must
have an evil guy in
a film. Right. Who's, who's
kind of, they're doing, doing
bad things. Whereas in fact,
his boss was great, you
know, and surely the evil
guy should have been Hitler,
not, not cheering his boss
who was trying to, you
know, help, help win the
war and save lives. So
it was a bit clunky
and kind of a bit,
you know, grated a bit,
I suppose, and especially having
met some of the people,
relatives of the people involved.
So in particular, this guy
who was Turing's boss, I've
met his grandson. And so,
you know, I know that
his family were really upset
about the portrayal of, of
their grandad in the film.
And, you know, so this
guy that was a hero
is portrayed in the film
as a villain. And it
just, there's just lots of,
you know, bits and pieces
like that, which just, weren't
true. And surely that the
real story is, is good
enough on its own. Why,
why did you have to
change it like that? So,
so that, that was kind
of, there were several negative
things like that. And the
kind of everything was obviously
touring was amazing, but it's
like every major achievement was
kind of made out that
cheering made every single major
achievement at Bletchley park. Whereas
there were 10,000 people working
there and also most of
the people that work there
were women. And so that
wasn't really portrayed in the
film. So I could go
on and on and on,
But I'd like you to
go on and on and
on. That's why you're on
the show. Okay, cool. Well
maybe we can talk for
people who aren't familiar, but
what is important about the
enigma and the Lauryn ciphers
and what was so important
about the government code and
cipher school? Well, so basically,
but actually park was set
up to break the German
codes. And so enigma under
owns with two of the
machines that the Germans used
and yeah, Bletchley park was
set up there with the
kind of the highest point
with about 10,000 people working
there, all working together to
crack the codes. And, you
know, it was one of
the major achievements of the
second world war, but everyone
there was completely sworn to
secrecy. And in fact, they
were kind of not exactly
threatened, but they were kind
of shown somebody with a
gun who would shoot them
if they told anybody what
was happening and they had
to sign the official secrets
act. And it was, you
know, like I was saying
before, it was mainly women
and most of the code
breakers were men, but it
was like a big kind
of industrialized code breaking process.
And most of the people
running those machines, which were
the, like the bomb machine
and Colossus, which were there
as the code breaking machines,
most of those machines were
run by all those women
and the women actually, where
we're almost girls, because most
of them were about 1820.
So they, you know, they
were very young women. And
so, you know, the, the
film didn't get any of
that across at all. And
I suppose, you know, why
should the film portray everything
exactly as it was? But
I think it's, it's important
to tell that story, especially
when it hasn't really been
told before, you know, if
we'd seen lots of films
about that, we're much more
truthful about what had gone
on before we would already
know the true story, but
because this is like the
first major film about what
happens at Bletchley park, really
there is the film in
mode, but that wasn't really
true to life either. So
because it's the first major
firm, it started a massive
opportunity to tell this amazing
story. But what it actually
did was told a story
that was a bit like
the truth, but not really,
and kind of just made
it much too simple and
didn't really give credit to
lots of the people that
really helped. And, you know,
so kind of, you know,
you get annoyed about that
stuff. If you know, the
true story And a movie
comes out about a particular
topic like this, it's an
opportunity. And it's also a
moment in time where there's
not going to be another
Leslie park, a nickname movie
for some number of years
until someone does it again.
And it's really important. I
think for listeners to know
that it's not just that,
Oh yeah, well, there are
some women involved and the
women didn't get, get, get
accredited. 80% of the people
working there, plus thousands, 9,000
women. This isn't like 50,
50 or 90 10, I
mean, 80 plus percent. It
was mostly women doing this
work. And in the film,
there was largely one woman,
Joan Clark played by Keira Knightley
who was presented Really. So,
you know, you can see
why anyone that knows the
story would get, would get
a bit annoyed about that.
But say what I said
in my review was that,
so for those reasons I
hated it, but at the
same time, of course, I
absolutely loved it because, you
know, they're on the big
screen with, you know, top
actors up there for Oscars
is this major film, which
tells some of the story
of what happens at Bletchley
park. So of course I
loved it for that reason,
you know, because it's really
getting the message out there
to an audience. Most of
whom won't really have known
what did happen there. And
so even just getting the
name Bletchley park out there,
well, I want to, well,
I know that it did
it, it increased the number
of visitors going up to
Bletchley park, but you know,
quite dramatically. So, you know,
it's great that it's done
that, but at the same
time, that's kind of fun
that with all these things
that you know is a
good story, why change it?
And so you say that
it has changed the number
of visitors. I mean, I
know that I was familiar
with Leslie park, but now
after seeing it, it makes
me want to go there
and actually stand there. And
I think that's the really,
that's the great sort of
longterm thing that the film
will do Was cryptography. And
please forgive my ignorance, but
this is why I had
you on the show. Was
it a really well understood
thing in the, in the
late thirties, early forties? Well,
gosh, that's a good question.
I don't actually know the
answer to that. I mean,
I think the people that
they got up there from,
you know, the major UK
universities, so some people were
experts in cryptography. Other people
were experts in languages, of
course, like Japanese German. So
I'm not an expert at
wartime cryptography, I'm afraid, but
if you want me to
find someone to come on
your show next time, then
I'll find them for you.
That would be a fine
idea. I, I think that
the mythos, the mythology of,
of touring and why the,
the movie changed the story,
you know, as a piece
of fiction is really interesting
because certainly he was persecuted
based on his lifestyle and
reason then of course recently
given a formal apology. But
do you think it was
because he was a singular
man that they decided to
make the entire focus on
him and erase the rest
of the other people? Or
would you think it was
because of the persecution? Why
is it we are so
obsessed with touring that we
would give him the credit
of the work of 12,000
plus people? Well, I think
he's more widely known than
any of the other code
breakers to start with. So
there's that, I think also
for some reason, we kind
of get a bit obsessed
with people who die young
and also just the whole
kind of like heart wrenching,
his, his whole story. You
know, you, you can just
imagine this, this guy who
was phenomenally clever, who most
people didn't really understand, but
I mean, I think he
was respected Bletchley park, but
you know, it's kind of
outside of that kind of
world that maybe he wasn't
so much. And, and that's
where, you know, like the
police, the police getting involved
and all of that and
just, just how everything was
in those times. It's just,
it's just horrendous. Isn't it
to us today to think
that that's actually not really
that long ago that people
were treated like that. I
mean, I find it disgusting
really, but just his whole
kind of story, you know,
this poor guy who, you
know, had basically had a
brain, the size of a
planet, it was really, really
smart, really tried hard to
do the best for his
country. You know, he, he
was just like, I dunno,
like a, almost like a
superhero kind of guy. So
of course, everyone kind of
that resonates with everybody, but
at the same time he
was treated so badly and
then, you know, ended up
dying at a young age.
It's just like, you know,
that's kind of the story
is that films are films
and books are written about
and films are made about,
because it's just so kind
of tragic, I guess It's
an, it's an easy plot
foil to just say, ah,
the hero, the antihero, the
protagonist, we found them, and
then you just wrap the
entire story. Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. So, so I mean,
but hopefully another thing that
it'll do is it'll make
people aware of fact that
there is more to the
story. There were lots of
other Codebreakers there, lots of
other stuff happens. And so,
you know, what I'm really
hoping is that as time
goes on, other films will
be made, which look at
different aspects. So for example,
I first got involved with
Bletchley park in 2003. And
that was when I went
up there for a meeting
and, and found out on
that day that actually 10,000
people work there and that
more than half of them
were women and that's how
I got involved. And so
I then was looking around
for funding to try and
fund an oral history project
for the women that work
there because being a woman
working in technology for 20
years, I had no clue
that any women worked at
Bletchley park at all, you
know, so that story just
had not been told. And
so my, my first involvement
really was trying to highlight
the contribution of the women
and that, you know, that
started kind of coming out
more and more they're about
three books come out recently
about the women that worked
at Bletchley park. So I
think these things just take
time, you know, you, you
want start, I always want
stuff to happen really quickly,
but in actuality, you know,
it all takes a long
time for it all to
happen. And one of the
things also is that there
were so many women who
worked on this whose work
was classified by the official
secrets acts in 1939. So,
you know, Margaret rock died
in 1983, but no one
really knew what she'd done
until that information was declassified.
You know, when she was
an old person. Yeah, yeah,
absolutely. And some people died,
you know, like Tommy flowers
who invented Colossus, you know,
to break Lorens. So he,
I think not really in
his whole lifetime, did he
get properly recognized for the
stuff that he'd done? And
then someone told me a
story of how he, I
think in the seventies, signed
up for a class to
learn how to use a
computer. And it's like, he
bloody invented the computer, but
you know, he signed up
for a class to learn
how to use the computer.
And yeah, I can't remember
exactly what was said, but
it was just like quite
patchy ionizing the way that
he was talked to there,
because of course, no one
knew that he'd invented the
first program of digital computer
because that had been done,
you know, like a seventies,
30 years before. And it
was still secret. So, you
know, and there are just
so many stories like that,
of people that have made
major contributions, but never been
able to talk about it.
And so the ones that
are still around now can
talk about it, but of
course, loads of people died
before, before that was lifted.
I want to take a
moment to thank our sponsors,
sync, fusion, sync fusions, mobile
web, and desktop controls are
trusted worldwide, but did you
know that they also provide
educational resources? The succinctly series
of free eBooks has great
content on popular technologies and
100 completely ad free pages.
These books are written by
industry experts and topics range
from Cassandra to no JS
windows 8.1. They're available for
Kindle apps and in PDF
format and new eBooks are
released each month. So Brown's
their library@syncfusion.com to download your
free ebook today. One of
the things that I was
surprised about was not just
the, the, the gender aspects,
but also the, the distances
in ages. You had different
women code breakers at Bletchley
park. Joan Clark came out with
a double degree in mathematics
and like 23, I think
when she came to pledge
the park, well, Margaret rock,
another women coat, a woman
Codebreakers showed up around her
37th birthday. So we had
a very wide range of
experiences, a wide range of
degrees. A lot of them
in mathematics, all working towards
towards one thing. Yeah, absolutely.
I think one of the
kind of great things about
Bletchley park was that because
there was such a massive
threat from Hitler and, you
know, just from the country
being at war, everyone pulled
together and, you know, everyone
was just desperate to find
the best people to do
stuff. And so in a
way it wouldn't really matter
who anybody was, they just
wanted the best people to
do it. And I suppose
that's why it kind of
brought together a sort of
a mixed group of people,
I suppose, to make that
happen. That mix of people,
they all had different skills.
One of the funny things
about Joan Clark was that she
was promoted to the rank
of linguist, but in fact
had no scale in languages
and would fill out questionnaires
and say, you know, pay
grade linguist languages, none. She
was a mathematician were, were,
were her bosses trying to
give her power, but were
having to work within a
power structure that did not
allow a woman to be.
Yeah, I'm guessing. So, yeah.
I mean, I've heard that
story and I can't remember
exactly, but I'm guessing that
it is that kind of
thing, that it just was
impossible to do it any
other way. Yeah. Yeah. She
was promoted to deputy head
of hut eight in 1944
and was the only woman
at Leslie Parker reached that
senior level from a cryptographic
perspective. Yeah. It's absolutely amazing.
So you are actively working
on making sure that Bletchley
park does not get forgotten
and you use, you're trying
to use social media to
do this. Sure. Well, so
basically, as I was saying
before, like I went there
the first time in 2003
came away, having found out
that more than 10,000 people
work there. And also the
more than half of them
were women wanting to raise,
raise the profile of those
women, find out more really
about what happened and at
the launch of, so, so
we run this project, the
women of station X. And
so another name for Bletchley
park is station X. Cause
it was the 10th listening
station as part of the
code breaking effort. So we
got some funding, we interviewed
some women that work there.
And then at the launch
of our project in 2008,
I'm the director of Bletchley
park at the time Simon
greenish gave a talk and
he said that they were,
were, his words were, they
were teaching on a financial
knife edge. So he wasn't
sure if they would be
able to stay open. And
so I kind of, you
know, we had to launch
and it was all great
of this project, but I
kind of went home thinking,
well, that's not right. Why
have they not got enough
money? And then like a
few weeks later I was
invited up to Bletchley parts
where reception, and then I
did a full tour, which
I've not done before because
it's like, it's a 26
acre site. So I think
so, you know, it's a
big site with lots of
hearts, the munchkin house, a
Lake. And so it did
a proper tour around where
the veteran who'd worked there
telling us all about what
he'd done and stories of
other people and just, it
was really just so, so
interesting. And I kind of
had this moment where I
was standing, looking at hot
sex, which at the time
was kind of covered at
one end with a blue
tarpaulin because there was, you
know, to stop water leaking
cause the roof had holes
in it. So looking at
this heart's and the veteran
was telling us about the
major code breaking achievements that
happened in that heart. And,
and I just thought back
to what Simon greenish had
said about them not having
enough money. And I just
thought, this is ridiculous. All
these major code breaking achievements
and the works on their
sets were shortened the war
by two years. And it's
like, you know, it's a
really fundamental place in terms
of computer science with, with
cheering, working there being sort
of the father of computer
science. And I just thought
on this place might close.
That's ridiculous. You know, I've
got to do something about
it. So I went away
basically. And at that time
I was head of a
computer science department at the
university of Westminster in London.
And so I basically emailed
all the heads and professor
of computing in the UK
and said, you know, this
is a disgrace at the
time, there was a petition
on the 10 Downing street
website, the prime ministers office,
which someone else had set
up saying, we must say
Bletchley park. And so I
pointed all the heads and
professors at this petition and
said, you know, please sign
the petition. We've got to
save Bletchley park. So I
send that email out. It
was quite a new head
of department. So I was
a bit scared actually that
they would come back and
say, who do you think
you are? Because that's probably
a bit in post, like
six months or something, but
actually it was great. So
I looked at the petition
a few hours later, loads
of like, to me, famous
heads and professors of computing
from around the UK people
whose textbooks I'd use as
a student had signed the
petition. So I thought, okay,
it's not just me. That
feels like this. Lots of
other people do too. And
you know, lots of my
peers. So then I and
a colleague at university of
Westminster wrote a letter to
the times and sent that
round, asking all these heads
and profs to sign the
letter to the times. So
then that went into the
times. And at the same
time I contacted the BBC
and said, you know, I
think I've got a story.
And so basically what happened
was we ended up on
the BBC news and in
the times newspaper with the
rest of the times on
the same day. So that
was in 2008 and that
kind of went, that went
international. So that was really
cool. But what I realized
after that was that something
that's news one day is
not news the next day.
And you know, I'm not
a PR person or advertising
or marketing or anything, you
know, I'm a computer science
academic, right? So I don't
really know what to do
next. And I suppose what
happens a few months after
that was I started using
Twitter and then realize quite
quickly that actually that was
a very good way to
reach lots of people very
quickly and five people that
were interested in Bletchley park.
Cause even the simplest thing
is to put, you can
put Bletchley park in and
find everyone who's tweeting about
it. You know, so very
quickly you can find people,
you can build up community,
you can talk to those
people, you can make stuff
happen. And so basically then
run a campaign, a campaign
using Twitter in the main
to make people aware of
their situation and got various
celebrities involved and ran a
campaign over about three years,
really eventually getting Google involved,
Google helped out. And, and
in 2011, the director said
that, but actually part was
saved. So basically they, you
know, they were on an
even keel financially. And do
you think it's sustainable now?
Absolutely. So, and since then,
they've, they've got 4.1 million
heritage lottery funding. So like
some substantial funding and they've
renovated many of the hearts.
And so, you know, it's,
it's, it was a cool
place to visit when it
was kind of falling apart.
Cause it was a bit
ramshackle, but now they they've
done lots of work and
it's a, you know, some
really state of the arts
and some great stuff there.
Like for example, walking into
the hotware cheering used to
work, you walk into the
rooms and they've got like
voices. So they've got kind
of all Jessica voices, like
having a conversation about code
breaking as you walk in
and then you sort of
see images projected onto the
wall of people talking to
each other. It's very kind
of like really evocative of
the second world war. So
it really does give you
that feeling that, Oh my
goodness. Yes. This was the
place where it all happens.
It kind of, you know,
since tingles down your spine,
That's amazing. Yeah. Touring worked
in, in hut eight and
I've looking online. There's pictures
of these huts 10 years
ago, 2004, 2005. And honestly
it looks like a poorly
maintained children's summer camp. You
know what I mean? It
just looks like, it looks
like your uncle's bad garage,
you know, that building that's
out back that just needs
to be knocked down. Yeah,
exactly. So when I, when
I talked to the BBC,
I remember saying it looked
like a garden shed that
hadn't been looked after. So
maybe that's the English equivalent.
Absolutely. But now you've got
big prominent signs that express
express, you know, what the
significance of each building is
and why they're important. And
they've even got the bar
and restaurant next to the
mansion and it is a
proper museum. And when we
can go and visit, Yeah,
absolutely. I mean, it has
been, it's been open the
whole time, but I think
as, as time goes on,
it becomes more and more
like a proper national museum.
The, the, the, if people
should do this and I'll
put links in the show
notes, but you should look
at the size of these
devices, like the F and
is it pronounced? Yeah. The
silent, yeah. It's, it's, it's
massive. I mean, it's multiple
refrigerators size a device here.
And to think that I
can presume that the, the
pocket supercomputer that I have
in my have next to
me here, my iPhone is
literally many tens of thousands
of times faster. Yeah, yeah,
absolutely. Yeah. They just look
amazing. And actually the first,
so the first time I
went, that's what I saw
that really got me very
excited was about 10 guys
working away, halfway through rebuilding
the bond machine because all
the machines were destroyed at
the end of the war
and the plans were destroyed
as well. So I think
it took them eight or
10 years, like about 20
people to rebuild bomb machine.
Yeah. And having to find
those parts or Yeah, yeah,
yeah, absolutely. So they found
some and yeah, some had
to be remade because of
the cause they've been a
change from Imperial measurements to
metric in the UK, you
know, in between the time
when the original one was
built. So lots of parts,
they just didn't exist anymore.
So we had to actually
have them made properly. That's
amazing. And now you have
a fire understand quickly, a
book coming out this spring
called saving Lesley park. How
is that going? Yeah, that's
cool. Well, so I've, I've
finished writing my part, so
which is cool and a
release. Yeah. It shipped out
in July as the timing
we're saying at the moment.
So that basically tells the
story of the campaign. So
this kind of stuff that
I've just been talking about,
that we did with the
BBC, with Twitter, getting people
involved, it tells the story
all the way through the
kind of adventures that I
had along the way from
2003, 2008 up to the
present day. And that's kind
of into, with the story
of what happens at Bletchley
park during the war. So,
you know, you kind of
get the two weaving in
and out of each other,
telling the story. So starting
at the beginning of the
war and people going up
to Bletchley park is one
narrative. And the other narrative
is me going up there,
you know, to start with
and finding out about the
place. And so those two
stories are woven together into
what, hopefully we'll make it
very interesting book. Everyone that's
read it so far has
said it's great. So yeah.
Fingers crossed. Do you have
a favorite other book around
plus the park? Like, you
know, there's certainly the 95
novel enigma by Robert Harris. It's
a little more fictionalized. There's
a lot of different plays.
What's your favorite that you
would recommend people go and
learn about? It's not specifically
about Bletchley park, but there's
a book called Colossus, which
is the people that actually
worked there or worked on
projects to do with Colossus.
Is there actual stories of
what they did and stuff?
So I said, but maybe
coming from a computing background,
I just love to actually
read people, write down what
they did and what happened.
And it's really a collection
of those kinds of accounts
all around Colossus. So yeah,
that's probably my favorite And
that's the book by, by
BJ Copeland. Right? So that's
the book is Colossus the
secrets of blessedly parks code,
breaking computers. So this is
a collection of kind of
told in a suspenseful tone,
but with the real people
telling the stories about what
really happened there when they
were yeah, Absolutely, yeah. What
they did and how they
were involved and stuff. And
is it, is it pretty
technical? Does it get into
some of the details? I
think it's got some technical
stuff in it, but I
think a general reader would
be fine with it. Very
cool. That's fantastic. And what
do you think that Americans
should think about Bletchley park?
Cause I know that there's
a, there's a deep amount
of passion from a UK
perspective and as a source
of national pride, if I'm
in the UK or visiting,
is this a must see
place for, for, even for
an American, You know, I'm
biased, but yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, I think it
was 300 Americans that, that
did work at Bletchley park,
so it wasn't just British
that were there. So there
were 300 Americans and there's
a chapter in my book
about, so yeah. And well,
I mean the thing is
it's, it's the story of
the piece that we have
today, you know, peace in
our time and you know,
the U S was very
much a part of that
happening. So no, it's not
just about Britain. It's about,
you know, all of us
being able to live our
lives in freedom today. That's
how I see it anyway.
Yeah. So calling back to
the very beginning of the
conversation, we are understanding now
that the movie was not
a really well well-represented of
reality. And there was this,
this boss who was presented
as really kind of the
bad guy in the film
who was that gentleman Come
on to Dennison who was
in charge of Bletchley park.
And yeah, he's portrayed in
the film was a bit
of an ogre and like,
you know, he's trying to
force cheering to, to finish
working and he's going to
cut his funding if he
doesn't get well, what's, what's
called Christopher in the film,
which is actually the bond
machine. If he doesn't get
that working in time. And,
and there's a lot of
kind of toing and froing
and sort of angsting and
stuff all around trying to
make that happen. Whereas actually,
I don't think any of
that's true and commands a
dentist and you know, was,
was not an OGA. He
was a good boss in
charge of Bletchley park. So
it seems a bit crazy
portraying him as a bad
person when he's in charge
of the whole place. It
doesn't make sense. He was
someone who was himself, a
cryptographer recognized that code breaking
was important and consciously kept
code breaking through world war
one all the way up
into world war II and
through world war II. While
in the film, it seems
like he's begrudgingly allowing these
guys to sit in a,
you know, like for people
to sit in a hut
and work on code breaking
Exactly when that's what they
were all there for. It
makes sense. Yeah. The whole
point of this installation is
to correct this code and
there's 12,000 of us here
doing it, but it's four
people in a garage that
saved the universe. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, hopefully people will familiarize
themselves, not just with Alistair
Denniston with Joan Clark, with touring,
but with all the great
stuff that happened at Bletchley
park, there's lots of fiction
and nonfiction around the space.
And I think it's important
for us as computers, people
and computer scientists, to be
able to tell the difference
between the truth and the
fiction. Yeah, absolutely. I are
people like bill tarts and
Tommy flowers spring to mind,
you've made absolutely major achievements
and starting to get a
bit of recognition, but basically
most people have never heard
of them still. Well, thanks
so much for chatting with
me today. You're welcome. Well,
folks can check out dr.
Sue black, online she's active
on Twitter and her book
coming very, very soon is
saving Bletchley park. And I
will include links in the
show notes to all of
those things. That's wonderful. Thank
you so much. Absolutely. My
pleasure. I really enjoyed talking
with you today. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.